Update doc (#56)
nf-core/magmap: docs/usage.md

## Introduction

Magmap is a workflow designed for mapping metatranscriptomes and metagenomics reads onto a selected group of genomes. The approach is to first create collection of all genomes from your local machine and/or from ncbi, then by using Sourmash (optional), filtering the genomes collection in order to map your samples to only those ones selected by the program. Magmap includes Prokka, can deal with output from CheckM and gtdb-tk.

> The workflow should be usable for any project in which the user needs to map reads against any kind of genomes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magmap is a workflow designed for mapping metatranscriptomic and metagenomic reads onto a group of genomes.
The collection of genomes can either be specified directly using a table (see the `--genomeinfo` parameter) or be the result of filtering with Sourmash. 
The latter can use either the genomes specified by `--genomeinfo`, a "sketch index" pointing to genomes available for instance at NCBI (see the `--indexes` parameter) or a combination, to identify a smaller set to map to.
Genome files provided with `--genominfo` must include contigs in fasta format and optionally gff files (Prokka format).
Any genome for which a gff file is missing will be annotated with Prokka.
The pipeline can take output files from CheckM, CheckM2 and GTDB-Tk as input, and will provide processed output from these tools.
Note that the pipeline can map to any collection of genomes, including single genomes and isolates.
```

An [example samplesheet](../assets/samplesheet.csv) has been provided with the pipeline.

### Genomes input

Magmap needs two mandatory input to run. One, the samplesheet, was explained above while the second, genome input needs to be specified with the option `--genomeinfo`. The file is a `.csv` file and it requires three columns: accnos, genomes_fna, genome_gff. it looks as follow:

```csv title="genomes.csv"
GCA_002688505.1,https://github.com/nf-core/test-datasets/raw/magmap/testdata/GCA_002688505.1_ASM268850v1_genomic.fna.gz,https://github.com/nf-core/test-datasets/raw/magmap/testdata/GCA_002688505.1_ASM268850v1_genomic.gff.gz
```

N.B.: you don't need to provide gff, Prokka can handle if you only provide fasta files but we reccomend when adding gff that the file is generated by using prokka in order to don't get any conflict with other generated gffs.

### Other inputs (optional)

Magmap can handle several types of input that can be used for different purpose.

#### Indexes input

The indexes input is used by Sourmash to select genomes that can downloaded in a second step and added to the pipeline.

> it can be called with `--indexed`option and it is a path (local or remote it doesn't matter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The indexes input is used by Sourmash to select genomes that can downloaded in a second step and added to the pipeline.
It is provided with the `--indexes` parameter and it is a path (local or remote).
```
